
can you check unversioned code files , whether they are actaully being used?

 npx playwright test

Text mode: view only, no editing

  1 show line #
  2 show json-path from root to current node
 3. proper coloring for key and value.apply typical json editor coloring scheme

5 general json viewer feature
find/select/copy

click on a note and get jsonpath to the node.


2.ignore by value:
    a. numberic, by percentage
    b. string: by pattern, or one to one mapping
3. multi-selection : shift+click, ctrl+click
  a. for ignore
  b. for copy/paste
  c. for delete
  d. expand/collapse


3. group differnece panel
    a. by last field
    b. go to button handling.

    b. by type: differnt, new, delete

 4. Idkey panel,
    consolidate similar one, how to go to each?

UI:
fully expand a node
fully collapse a node
expand/collapse all nodes at the same level, while keeping other levels unchanged

what to do if json parse fails?


4 other forms:
  as a chrome plugin
  as a intellij plugin


let's fix some UI issues: 1. can you move the ending braket ] and } to align vertically with the matching starting
one?  it is still not fixed!

let's work on the text mode.
can you review the new files added for text mode, and see if any codes can be cleaned up or improved?



let's add a new feature:
  - show json-path from root to current node
  this should apply to both text mode and tree mode. an example is shown in the attached screenshot. see the path
  level area still maintain the correct line #. and each path segment is clickable, clicking on it will move to the
   real node in the tree/text view.

actually this requirement might not be correct "see the path level area still maintain the correct line #"
let's work on the tree mode. Add context menu to
fully expand/collapse a node

expand/collapse all nodes(sibling) at the under different paraent, while keeping other levels unchanged


currently you implement it as hover, but it is not correct. It should only show when a node is selected. and the
breadcrumb should stay, does not change when mouse move away, and allow user to click on it to go to the node..

also it should appear as multiple lines for each segment, just like the screenshot I provided.

1. should be multi-line, each segment in one line
2. show the segment as exactly as it would be shown in the tree mode, no need for index or id= or . Should also be
indented properly.
3 advance feature: only show the segment when it is out of view port,  no need to select a node to show.
4. So you maintain the json path to the current scope of the view port, it contains multiple segments, you only
show the segments that are out of view port. can you re-describe the requirement?



Can you add UI test cases to test synctocounterpart?, this can be add-on from the manual navigation test case. once
 you expand a node, you can click on the synctocounterpart button to see if the right side is expand and scrolled
 to
  the viewport. You can also click on the synctocounterpart button on the right side to see if the left side is.



Panels to be consistent:
Ignore panel
  a. in line editing

  Let's review consolidated entry in IDKey panel: 1. what make entries consolidated and group under "Show all
  occruences"?  2. when clicking on a consolidated entry,
  what does it do currently?

  b. click on the consolidated entry


Diff Panel
  a. entry clickable just like list inIDKey panel

be able to collapse diff just like IDKey panel entries,


Test with some other test files with strange array structures, idkey is not in the first level, but in a second level
  array, such as:
  {
    "a": [
      {
        "b": [
          {
            "c": "value"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  The idkey should be the path to the second level array, not the first level array.


let's add test cases for the id sorting bug we fixed. please add to existing test suite on ikdey panel, thet new
test cases should assert the sorting of array of objects with idkey entries


in test"
  test('should verify arrays with ID keys are properly sorted', async ({ page }) => {
    // Load the app and wait for sample data
"
 Does it test order of the children of contributions node, and zzsomething node?



 I think we don't need ,convertIdPathToIndexPath, but we need IdBasedPathToViewerPath, which then have the output
 of "left_root.boomerForecastV3Requests[0].parameters.accountParams[1]", if the context is left,

1.lets also review utils functions in src/utils, are there any that are no longer menaningful or can be simplified
since we remove 'root.'
2.lets' review tests under src/utils, are there tests redundant or no longer meaningful that we can remove?

now lets examine UI codes. 1. it should not have one-line simple logic, if it
needs more than that, it should
be util function or conversion function that is implemented and tested in utils.
2. in term of logging when handling any UI events, it should always log on every step the path is
changed/convereted or looked up, e.g., when the event is triggered, it should log the initial path, node, etc. then
 each step of the conversion, it should log the intermediate path, node, etc. and finally the final path and node.
 do keep in concise and not repeat, especailly for repeated excutions of functions, it should only log once.


About IDkey, it should not be generated if  the target array on either side has only one element, because there is
no need to
  differentiate the element, and it is not useful to have an IDKey for a single element.

  can you also make Idkey entries editable, so that user can edit the idkey value, and it will be reflected in the
  tree view and text view, and also in the diff panel.
